Acceptance Test 1- Search movie

- The test envionrment should be on localhost
Test Cases:
- Users should be able to click on the search box
- Users should be able to type in search box and input text
- Users upon pressing search/enter, will be able to be redirected to a page with the input they searched for (if applicable)

Test Data:
Upon searching a movie name, a page with the movie should appear for the user. Information from movie stored in movie DB.
Acceptance Criteria:
User cannot search without inputting text into the search box, if no text is inputted, no actions will be taken

Acceptance Test 2- Leave/View a review

User can submit a review:
- The user should be able to submit a written review for the movie
    Test Data: a written response in the text box
    User Capability: The user should be able to navigate from the home page to the search page and be able to click on the movie then navigate to the review form/text box and type in as many characters as they would like (under 500?) then be able to submit with the submit button
    Enviornment: Local host because it will be tested on the localhost3000
    Testing: It will have run successful if the user was able to hit submit and then see their written response on the screen under that movie review

User can see current reviews on the movie:
- The user should be able to naviagate to a movie and look at the revies that have been left on the movie as well as any review they have left on that movie
    Test Data: Looking at submitted reviews and testing whether or not the user can see the reviews on the movies
    User Capability: The user should be able to navigate from the home page to the search page and be able to click on the movie and navigate to the revies tab that is left if there has been any on the movie and look at those that have been submitted.
    Enviornment: Local host because it will be tested on the localhost3000
    Testing: The reviews that have been made on the movie are visible to the user.

User should not be to submit an empty review
- The user should be required to enter text before they are able to submit and only when there is text in the boc then they will be able to submit
    Test Data: Try submitting a review with an empty text box
    User Capability: The user should be able to navigate from the home page to the search page and be able to click on the movie then navigate to the review form/text box then hit submit without typing anything in. They should not be allowed to submit their review.
    Enviornment: Local host because it will be tested on the localhost3000
    Testing: The user or tester should not be able to submit an empty text box

Acceptance Test 3- Leave a rating

User can submit a rating:
- The user should be able to submit a rating from 1 out of 5 stars. This will be located as the same page as the review is.
    Test Data: The user should be able to click any one of the buttons(stars) and be able to leave that review. We are going to try and populate all of the likes and have an average of the reviews but if not then it will just have rating left by the user.
    User Capability: he user should be able to navigate from the home page to the search page and be able to click on the movie then navigate to the rating and then click on any of the 5 stars to leaving the rating. 
    Enviornment: Local host because it will be tested on the localhost3000
    Testing: The user or tester should be able to click on any of the 5 stars and then have that amount be saved. (If we end up being able to average all of the star ratings then test when each star rating)

Test Enviornment:
- This all can be tested when docker is running and the local host is up. Then the user can test to see if all of these are functional.

Test Results:
- For each time these are tested we can take a log to see whether or not they work. As well as the feedback that we receieve.

Test Plan: 
- All of these can be tested by having a group of people who have not seen our website be asked to do a few of the tasks above or all. Then see if any of the interactions that they may go through cause errors or confusion as well as all the components they are trying to run works correctly and play out.
